XSUP-28298/XSOAR-Mirroring (#29869)
demisto/content: Packs/XSOARmirroring/ReleaseNotes/2_0_20.md

#### Integrations

##### XSOAR Mirroring

- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.10.13.74666*.

> - Fixed an issue where the ***fetch-incidents*** command from XSOAR 8 to XSOAR 6 created infinite duplicates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the ***fetch-incidents*** command created duplicates when fetching from XSOAR 8 to XSOAR 6.
```
